our people DD here showing you some
gameplay preview of the frag effect
shark on socom 4 there's always go over
the controls turns be full pitch be four
and controller please set to default on
the Fred Chuck I have it set to between
two and three the only thing I changed
around here was the l2 one so I have l2
as my abs and all the basics i think i
have switched my couch to our two
otherwise gross does it feel the same so
as you can see straight nothing right
straight up and down straight up and
down let me show you
here on the Crytek pad straight up and
down left or right circles all right
sorry about that one's backgrounds my
lady shut my door all right so as you
can see small precise movements quick
turn
over there
Oh
Wow
you
I'll do you cut it
God
down
Oh
teams
oh fuck man down clear
hot dog
there you go if I got that shark so come
for